Adds currency flag to currencies (#164)
AsherGlick/ResourceCalculator: README.md

*"Pink Stained Glass Pane"* becomes *[pinkstainedglasspane.png](resource_lists/minecraft/items/pinkstainedglasspane.png)*  
*"Jack 'o Lantern"* becomes *[jackolantern.png](resource_lists/minecraft/items/jackolantern.png)*

> If the names of two or more items would conflict, `custom_simplename` should
> be used to define an alternate "simple" name for a given item. The item's image
> should then match this name (the display name will remain the same).
> 
> For Example:  
> *`name: Health Mix`* uses *[healthmix.png](resource_lists/the%20forest/items/healthmix.png)*  
> *`name: Health Mix+` with `custom_simplename: healthmixplus`* uses *[healthmixplus.png](resource_lists/the%20forest/items/healthmixplus.png)*
> 

Reviewer: Maybe make this a [note](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925)?
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If the names of two or more items would conflict, `custom_simplename` must
> be used to define an alternate "simple" name for a given item. The item's image
> must match the new `custom_simplename`, the display name does not need to be changed.
> 
> For Example:  
> * `name: Health Mix`* uses *[healthmix.png](resource_lists/the%20forest/items/healthmix.png)*  
> * `name: Health Mix+` with `custom_simplename: healthmixplus`* uses *[healthmixplus.png](resource_lists/the%20forest/items/healthmixplus.png)*
```
Double check this formatting, I dont know if it works as written.
